build: release Lotus node v1.31.0 (#12735)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# UNRELEASED

> # Node and Miner v1.31.0 / 2024-11-28

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Node and Miner v1.31.0 / 2024-11-29
```

- `lotus chain head` now supports a `--height` flag to print just the epoch number of the current chain head ([filecoin-project/lotus#12609](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12609))
- Implement `EthGetTransactionByBlockNumberAndIndex` (`eth_getTransactionByBlockNumberAndIndex`) and `EthGetTransactionByBlockHashAndIndex` (`eth_getTransactionByBlockHashAndIndex`) methods. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12618](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12618))
- `lotus-shed indexes inspect-indexes` now performs a comprehensive comparison of the event index data for each message by comparing the AMT root CID from the message receipt with the root of a reconstructed AMT. Previously `inspect-indexes` simply compared event counts.  Comparing AMT roots instead confirms all the event data is byte-perfect. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12570](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12570))

> - Return a "data"field on the"error" returned from RPC wheneth_callandeth_estimateGasAPIs encounterexecution reverted errors. This is a standard expectation of Ethereum RPC tooling and may improve compatibility in some cases. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12553](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12553))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Return a "data" field on the "error" returned from RPC when `eth_call` and `eth_estimateGas` APIs encounter execution reverted errors. This is a standard expectation of Ethereum RPC tooling and may improve compatibility in some cases. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12553](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12553))
```
